Let's think about what 3-dimensions mean. Each dimension is an axis. An axis is a row make up of columns, with each column corresponding to a coordinate. The way we iterate through an axis is a loop. A loop is one dimensional. For example, a loop with coordinate (0) which works it way up to coordinate (10) reads a whole row of ten columns. If each column stored a different variable, we could read into a document all those values, for example. To iterate through a two dimension axis, we nest a loop inside another loop. That way, we work across a row with the inner loop, then move down the grid using the outer loop. So we work across, then move down a row, then return to the beginning of the inner loop again to iterate through the row directly beneath. This is a grid, with (length) x (width). For example, a loop with coordinate (0,0) will work its way up to coordinate (0,10), then move down a row and back to the beginning to start reading the next row at (1,0) and up to the coordinate (1,10), where it will move on to the next row at (2,0), etc. If we had a grid of numbers, with a nested loop we could read the value of the entire grid row by row into a separate document, for example. A 3-Dimensional grid has a depth associate with each 2D Coordinate. A cube, for example, is a square grid with each (x, y) coordinate having a height of the length of the side of the cube. So, a 3D coordinate could be (0,0,0) up to (0,0,10) for just the first column in the row. It would move on to (0,1,0) and work up to (0,1,10), etc. A loop inside a loop inside a loop is 3 iterations deep, which allow us to traverse all three coordinates x, y, and z in order. In order to create a boundary for the iteration, we want to make sure they only repeat for as many times as we have columns, rows, and stacks. We'll do this using the 'SideLength' variable, which remember is set to 9. Thus, by setting all repeats to the value of SideLength, we ensure that we create a structure that is 9x9x9. Of course, we want a pyramid, so we're going to be shearing off a value from SideLength each iteration of the outer loop, changing the number of times the inner loops are run, so that we get smaller and smaller layered grids of the pyramid.
