3-Dimensional data abstracts into three axes, the x (length), z (depth), and y (height). We need to store coordinate information in each of these axes, so that we can construct blocks with which to make our pyramids using the x, y, and z coordinates. Let's create variables to store our starting values for x, y, and z, which will influence where we begin laying down our blocks. Drag in an orange 'Set _ to _' block. Choose 'StartX' from the dropdown and set it to 0. This initializes our variable StartX with a value of zero. Whenever we 'call' the variable StartX, we will retrieve a zero. Whenever we change the variable StartX, all other 'calls' of StartX will also retrieve the changed value. A variable is a storage unit whose state can be checked many times in a program. For the many numbers of time state is checked throughout the program, there is only one state of the variable at any given time in the program. With another orange block, Set 'StartY' to -90 and StartZ to 0. We will use these values in a GOTO block to set the starting location of our pyramid. (0,-90, 0) is underneath the origin. Let's practice changing one of our variables by adding 1 to it. Drag in the orange 'Change _ by _' block and choose StartZ from the drop down menu. Change it by 1. This is equal to the assignment StartZ = Start + 1. The old, starting value of zero is retrieved, one is added to it, then that value is stored into the same variable name by replacing the old value zero with 1. Finally, set variable 'SideLength' to 0. This is the number of blocks in our grids of rows and columns that make up our pyramid.
