Our innermost loop is going to handle the x axis. This is the single row of columns. Thus, we need to program our loop by having it to stamp a block, then move right. This will be repeated for as many times as the number of columns we have, which in our case is 9. So drop in a mint green stamp block into the inner most loop, and also include a 'change x by 20' block. Our single rows are being made. Remember, at the end of creating the single column, the innermost loop exits and we begin running cost in the middle loop. This is where we need to code a carriage return so we move down one row, and set x back to its initial value for the next iteration of the inner loop after the middle and outer loop finish an iteration and begin again from the top of the loop code. Outside our innermost loop, in the middle loop, we want to alter the z axis. This is the depth of our 2D grid, which controls the depth of rows after rows we need to create a square grid. Let's make sure we 'progress' in our z axis after one row is laid down by the inner loop by moving by 20 in the z axis. Drop the 'change z by 20' block into the code. This moves in place for the next row. A block is 20 pixels squared. However, we need to return to the original x position, because rows need to be adjacent and parallel with the earlier rows. This is like a carriage return on a typewriter returning to the left hand side of the page, on a new line. Drop in the blue 'set x to \_' block and drop in the orange variable 'StartX'. Remember this maintains the starting point of the blocks, coordinate-wise, of the x-axis. We want to start again at this x-coordinate point, just down one line in the z axis.
